[IMP] tutorials/server_framework_101: rewrite the tutorial (#9192)
odoo/documentation: content/developer/tutorials/server_framework_101/01_architecture_overview.rst

================================
Chapter 1: Architecture overview
================================

Before we start building our app, let's take a high level glance at the architecture of Odoo.

Multitier application
=====================

Odoo leverages a `multitier architecture <https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Multitier_architecture>`_,

> meaning that the presentation, the business logic, and the data storage are separated. More

Reviewer: Maybe instead of `presentation` we can say more precisely about frontend or ui?

specifically, it uses a three-tier architecture (image from Wikipedia):

.. image:: 01_architecture_overview/three-tier-architecture.svg
    :align: center
    :alt: Overview of a three-tier application

> Its presentation tier is a combination of HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS. The logic tier is exclusively

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The presentation tier in Odoo Framework is a combination of HTML5, JavaScript, and CSS. The logic tier is exclusively
```
